Modify rule S997: CPP-2396 Add exception for function definitions (#152)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S997/description.adoc

Declaring names in appropriate namespaces reduces the number of names found during lookup, decreasing the risk of name clash and of surprising name lookup. 

This rule raises an issue when a name in the global namespace has external linkage and therefore can be accessed from outside a particular translation unit.

Some names have to be declared in the global namespace, and are excluded from this rule:

* ``++main++`` (or its variants)
* Overloads of the global ``++new++`` & ``++delete++`` operators

> In addition, no issue is raised for function definitions as they can not be accessed from different translation units anyway, because of the https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/definition[One-Definition-Rule].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, no issue is raised for function definitions because they can only be accessed from different translation units through a forward declaration that will be flagged.
```
I don't think ODR is relevant here. The rule should prevent polluting the global namespace regardless of where and how many times any of the names are defined.
